Update Azure storage document (#4340)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/microsoft-azure/azure-storage.md

Azure service sends monitoring data to Azure Monitor, which can then [stream data to Eventhub](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/essentials/stream-monitoring-data-event-hubs). Sumo Logic supports:

> * Logs collection from [Azure Monitor](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/monitoring-and-diagnostics/monitoring-get-started) using our [Azure Event Hubs source](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/azure-monitoring/ms-azure-event-hubs-source/).

Reviewer: we have added same line twice revert back the older line

Azure service sends monitoring data to Azure Monitor, which can then [stream data to Eventhub](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/essentials/stream-monitoring-data-event-hubs). Sumo Logic supports:

* Logs collection from [Azure Monitor](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/monitoring-and-diagnostics/monitoring-get-started) using our [Azure Event Hubs source](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/azure-monitoring/ms-azure-event-hubs-source/).

> * Activity Logs collection from [Azure Monitor](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/monitoring-and-diagnostics/monitoring-get-started) using our [Azure Event Hubs source](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/azure-monitoring/ms-azure-event-hubs-source/).  It is recommended to create a separate source for activity logs. In case you are already collecting these logs previously you can skip this step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Activity Logs collection from [Azure Monitor](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/monitoring-and-diagnostics/monitoring-get-started) using our [Azure Event Hubs source](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/azure-monitoring/ms-azure-event-hubs-source/). It is recommended to create a separate source for activity logs. If you are already collecting these logs, you can skip this step.
```

   | if (isBlank(location), "global", location) as location
   | fields location
   ```

* **Resource ID Extraction FER**

   ```sql
   Rule Name: AzureResourceIdExtractionFER
   Applied at: Ingest Time
   Scope (Specific Data): tenant_name=*
   ```

   ```sql title="Parse Expression"
   json "resourceId"
   | toUpperCase(resourceId) as resourceId
   | parse regex field=resourceId "/SUBSCRIPTIONS/(?<subscription_id>[^/]+)" nodrop
   | parse field=resourceId "/RESOURCEGROUPS/*/" as resource_group nodrop
   | parse regex field=resourceId "/PROVIDERS/(?<provider_name>[^/]+)" nodrop
   | parse regex field=resourceId "/PROVIDERS/[^/]+(?:/LOCATIONS/[^/]+)?/(?<resource_type>[^/]+)/(?<resource_name>.+)" nodrop
   | parse regex field=resource_name "(?<parent_resource_name>[^/]+)(?:/PROVIDERS/[^/]+)?/(?<service_type>[^/]+)/?(?<child_service_name>.+)" nodrop
   | if (isBlank(parent_resource_name), resource_name, parent_resource_name) as resource_name
   | fields subscription_id, location, provider_name, resource_group, resource_type, resource_name, service_type
   ```
### Configure metric rules
* **Azure Observability Metadata Extraction Metric Rule Service Level**
```sql

> Rule Name: AzureObservabilityMetadataExtractionMetricRuleServiceLevel

Reviewer: AzureObservabilityMetadataExtractionMetricRuleServiceLevel => AzureObservabilityMetadataExtractionServiceLevel

Reviewer: We should also mention if this rule is already present then no need to recreate it.

```

```sql title="Metric match expression"
resourceId=/SUBSCRIPTIONS/*/RESOURCEGROUPS/*/PROVIDERS/*/*/*/*/* tenant_name=*
```
| Fields extracted | metric rule    |
|------------------|----------------|
| subscription_id  | $resourceId._1 |
| resource_group   | $resourceId._2 |
| provider_name    | $resourceId._3 |
| resource_type    | $resourceId._4 |
| resource_name    | $resourceId._5 |
| service_type     | $resourceId._6 |

* **Azure Observability Metadata Extraction Storage Account Level**
```sql
Rule Name: AzureObservabilityMetadataExtractionStorageAccountLevel
```

```sql title="Metric match expression"
resourceId=*/SUBSCRIPTIONS/*/RESOURCEGROUPS/*/PROVIDERS/*/*/* tenant_name=* accountresourceid=*
```
| Fields extracted | metric rule    |
|------------------|----------------|
| subscription_id  | $resourceId._1 |
| resource_group   | $resourceId._2 |
| provider_name    | $resourceId._3 |
| resource_type    | $resourceId._4 |
| resource_name    | $resourceId._5 |

> ### Configure metrics collection

Reviewer: Before metrics collection we should add a instruction of creating hosted collector and tagging tenant_name field along with the screenshot.

Metrics and logs in Azure Monitor support only Azure Resource Manager storage accounts. Azure Monitor doesn't support classic storage accounts. If you want to use metrics or logs on a classic storage account, you need to migrate to an Azure Resource Manager storage account. For more information, see [Migrate to Azure Resource Manager](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/migration-classic-resource-manager-overview).

## Configure Field in Field Schema

> In the main Sumo Logic menu, select Manage Data > Logs > Fields.
> Search for the “functionname” field.
> If not present, create it. Learn how to create and manage fields [here](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/manage/fields/#manage-fields).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

1. In the main Sumo Logic menu, select **Manage Data** > **Logs** > **Fields**.
1. Search for the “functionname” field.
1. If not present, create it. Learn how to create and manage fields [here](/docs/manage/fields/#manage-fields).
```

> ## Configure FER
> Create a Field Extraction Rule for Azure Storage. Learn how to create a Field Extraction Rule [here](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/manage/field-extractions/create-field-extraction-rule/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Configure Field Extraction Rules

Create a Field Extraction Rule (FER) for Azure Storage by following the instructions [here](/docs/manage/field-extractions/create-field-extraction-rule/).
```

> **ActivityLogsLocationExtraction**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ```sql

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```sql title="ActivityLogsLocationExtraction"
```

Metrics and logs in Azure Monitor support only Azure Resource Manager storage accounts. Azure Monitor doesn't support classic storage accounts. If you want to use metrics or logs on a classic storage account, you need to migrate to an Azure Resource Manager storage account. For more information, see [Migrate to Azure Resource Manager](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/migration-classic-resource-manager-overview).

## Configure Field in Field Schema
1. In the main Sumo Logic menu, select **Manage Data** > **Logs** > **Fields**.

> 2. Search for the `functionname` field.

Reviewer: we are not using functionname field in azure, add the azure fields you have simply copy pasted the lambda docs, that doc was just for reference.

3. If not present, create it. Learn how to create and manage fields [here](/docs/manage/fields/#manage-fields).

## Configure Field Extraction Rules
Create a Field Extraction Rule (FER) for Azure Storage by following the instructions [here](/docs/manage/field-extractions/create-field-extraction-rule/).

```sql title="Activity Logs Location Extraction"
Rule Name: AzureLocationExtractionFER
Applied at: Ingest Time
Scope (Specific Data): tenant_name=*
```

```sql title="Parse Expression"
json "location", "properties.resourceLocation", "properties.region" as location, resourceLocation, service_region nodrop
| replace(toLowerCase(resourceLocation), " ", "") as resourceLocation
| if (!isBlank(resourceLocation), resourceLocation, location) as location
| if (!isBlank(service_region), service_region, location) as location 
| if (isBlank(location), "global", location) as location
| fields location
```

> 

Reviewer: These are two different FERs probably we can add bullet points to make sure customer creates both the two FERs

   * Use the Event hub namespace created by the ARM template in Step 2 above. You can create a new Event hub or use the one created by ARM template. You can use the default policy `RootManageSharedAccessKey` as the policy name.

### Configure logs collection

> **Diagnostic Logs**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Diagnostic Logs
```

   * Select `allLogs`.
   * Use the Event hub namespace and Event hub name configured in previous step in destination details section. You can use the default policy `RootManageSharedAccessKey` as the policy name.

> **Activity Logs**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Activity Logs
```

> To collect activity logs follow the instruction in [azure audit app docs](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/integrations/microsoft-azure/audit/#collecting-logs-for-the-azure-audit-app-from-event-hub)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To collect activity logs, follow the instructions [here](/docs/integrations/microsoft-azure/audit).
```

## Installing the Azure Storage app

> Now that you have set up a collection for **Azure Storage**, install the Sumo Logic app to use the pre-configured [dashboards](#viewing-the-rds-dashboards) that provide visibility into your environment for real-time analysis of overall usage.

Reviewer 2: Have I captured what you've wanted to write here correctly?

```suggestion
Now that you have set up data collection, install the Azure Storage Sumo Logic app to use the pre-configured [dashboards](#viewing-the-rds-dashboards) that provide visibility into your environment for real-time analysis of overall usage.
```

import AppInstallNoDataSourceV2 from '../../reuse/apps/app-install-index-apps-v2.md';

<AppInstallNoDataSourceV2/>

## View Azure Storage dashboards

> We highly recommend you view these dashboards in the [Azure Storage view](/docs/dashboards/explore-view/#aws-observability) of the AWS Observability solution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

We highly recommend viewing these dashboards in the [Azure Storage view](/docs/dashboards/explore-view/#aws-observability) of the AWS Observability solution.
```

> ## Upgrading the Azure Storage app (Optional)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Upgrading the Azure Storage app (optional)
```

#### Activity Logs
To collect activity logs, follow the instructions [here](/docs/integrations/microsoft-azure/audit).

## Installing the Azure Storage app

Now that you have set up data collection, install the Azure Storage Sumo Logic app to use the pre-configured [dashboards](#viewing-the-azure-storage-app-dashboards) that provide visibility into your environment for real-time analysis of overall usage.

import AppInstallNoDataSourceV2 from '../../reuse/apps/app-install-index-apps-v2.md';

<AppInstallNoDataSourceV2/>

## Upgrading the Azure Storage app (optional)

import AppUpdate from '../../reuse/apps/app-update.md';

<AppUpdate/>

## Uninstalling the Azure Storage app (optional)

import AppUninstall from '../../reuse/apps/app-uninstall.md';

<AppUninstall/>

## Viewing the Azure Storage app dashboards

import ViewDashboards from '../../reuse/apps/view-dashboards.md';

<ViewDashboards/>

We highly recommend viewing these dashboards in the [Azure Storage view](/docs/dashboards/explore-view/#aws-observability) of the AWS Observability solution.

### Azure Storage - Overview

> The **Azure Storage Overview** dashboard provides insights into transactions by storage account, storage type and api name.

Reviewer: <dashboard title>

<dashboard description>

Use this dashboard to:
- <use case 1>
- <use case 2>

Refer https://help.sumologic.com/docs/integrations/amazon-aws/lambda/#request-analysis

```sql title="Metric match expression"
resourceId=*/SUBSCRIPTIONS/*/RESOURCEGROUPS/*/PROVIDERS/*/*/* tenant_name=* accountresourceid=*
```

> | Fields extracted |

Reviewer: need to create second column for metric rule and add `$resource._1` etc

### Configure logs collection

#### Diagnostic logs
In this section, you will configure a pipeline for shipping diagnostic logs from Azure Monitor to an Event Hub.

> 1. To set up the Azure Event Hubs source in Sumo Logic, refer to [Azure Event Hubs Source for Logs](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/azure-monitoring/ms-azure-event-hubs-source/).

Reviewer: Tag the location field in the source. @sachin-sumologic  please add screenshot here

### Azure Storage - Failures

The **Azure Storage Failures** metrics dashboard provides details like failing transactions by API name, by response type, by storage account and by storage type etc.

Use this dashboard to:
    * Monitor failing transactions by API name
    * Monitor failing transactions by response type
    * Monitor failing transactions by storage account
    * Monitor failing transactions by service type
    * Monitor failing transactions by authentication

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/Azure-Storage-Failures.png')} alt="Azure Storage Failures dashboard" />

### Azure Storage - Performance

The **Azure Storage Performance** metrics dashboard provides details like failing transactions by API name, by response type, by storage account and by storage type etc.

Use this dashboard to:
    * Monitor average success server latency
    * Monitor average success E2E latency
    * Monitor top success server latency by operation
    * Monitor top success E2E latency by operation

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/Azure-Storage-Performance.png')} alt="Azure Storage Performance dashboard" />

## Troubleshooting

> ### HTTP Logs and Metrics Source used by Azure Funssctions

Reviewer: spelling

   * Select `allLogs`.
   * Use the Event hub namespace and Event hub name configured in previous step in destination details section. You can use the default policy `RootManageSharedAccessKey` as the policy name.

#### Activity Logs

> To collect activity logs, follow the instructions [here](/docs/integrations/microsoft-azure/audit).

Reviewer: We should mention, if the customer is already collecting activity logs for a subscription then no need to perform this step again. Also a note that they should not tag this source with  location tag since this source will contain logs from multiple regions.
